libstupid
=========

What is this?
-------------

Some damned fool programmers apparently can't tell the difference between
upper and lower case.  This is annoying because it means that they constantly
break compatibility with case-sensitive filesystems.

Most of these idiots started on the Windows platform, which is basically
always case insensitive.  A few of them started on the Mac OS platform, prior
to Mac OS X.  One or two of them (particularly those working for a well-known
game porting company beginning with the letter "A", and those working for
another well-known gaming company beginning with the letter "V") are *so*
aggressively stupid that they refuse to fix their bugs and instead try to
claim that it isn't their problem.  They may even *add* code to aggressively
stop people from running their software on a case-sensitive filesystem, on the
assumption that this is better than fixing their bugs.

libstupid is a library for them.  Or rather, to address their wanton idiocy.
You use it via dyld interposing, and it replaces a set of path-based functions
with modified versions that, on finding that the programmer is an idiot, will
search for files with names that differ only in case.


How do I use it?
----------------

Broadly speaking you do something like this:

  DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=<path to libstupid.dylib> <executable path>

So, perhaps you install libstupid.dylib in /usr/local/lib, after building it
with Xcode 4, and then you want to run a program called Foo.app, written by a
stupid person.  So you start Terminal and enter

  DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=/usr/local/lib/libstupid.dylib \
    /Applications/Foo.app/Contents/MacOS/Foo

A certain piece of software written by the aforementioned company starting
with the letter "V", which itself starts with the letter "S", can be run using
something like

  DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=/usr/local/lib/libstupid.dylib \
    /Applications/Something.app/Contents/MacOS/something.sh


I can't get this working
------------------------

Then you probably shouldn't run it, and should instead complain at the idiots
who are causing you a problem.


I need help
-----------

There is no help.


I *am* an idiot programmer and I find your diatribe against me offensive
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Grow up and fix your bugs, and then I'll talk to you.  Otherwise, you're too
stupid to exist.
